Improve docs to be more explanatory (#2988)
github/docs: content/actions/creating-actions/creating-a-docker-container-action.md

You can choose any base Docker image and, therefore, any language for your action. The following shell script example uses the `who-to-greet` input variable to print "Hello [who-to-greet]" in the log file.

Next, the script gets the current time and sets it as an output variable that actions running later in a job can use. In order for {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} to recognize output variables, you must use a workflow command in a specific syntax: `echo "::set-output name=<output name>::<value>"`. For more information, see "[Workflow commands for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}](/actions/reference/workflow-commands-for-github-actions#setting-an-output-parameter)." 

1. Create a new `entrypoint.sh` file in the `hello-world-docker-action` directory.

1. Add the following code to your `entrypoint.sh` file.

  **entrypoint.sh**
  ```shell{:copy}
  #!/bin/sh -l
  
  echo "Hello $1"
  time=$(date)
  echo "::set-output name=time::$time"
  ```

1. Make your `entrypoint.sh` file executable by running following command on your system:

  ```shell{:copy}
  chmod +x entrypoint.sh
  ```
  

>   If `entrypoint.sh` executes without any errors, the action's status is set to `success`. You can also explicitly set exit codes in your action's code to provide an action's status. For more information, see "[Setting exit codes for actions](/actions/creating-actions/setting-exit-codes-for-actions)."

Reviewer: This description should probably stay with the `1. Add the following code to your entrypoint.sh file.` step (i.e. the step before this one)

Author: Hello @lucascosti, Actually I tested with different systems and found that with some systems when the file is edited after the command has been applied, this somehow removes the executable property. It may be a problem with my system. But having this step at the last ensures that it remains executable. If there is another concern please let me know.

Reviewer: 👋 @avinal Thanks again for these changes! Yep, I agree that having the `chmod` step last is good! My comment was that the paragraph above was previously in the step for the `entrypoint.sh` contents (it describes what the `entrypoint.sh` code does), and should stay with that step now that it's not the last one anymore. 🙂

Author: Ohh, sorry I misunderstood it 😅. I see it now. Thanks

#### Example using a public action

> The following workflow code uses the completed hello world action in the public [`actions/hello-world-docker-action`](https://github.com/actions/hello-world-docker-action) repository. Copy the following workflow example code into a `.github/workflows/main.yml` file, but replace the `actions/hello-world-docker-action` with your repository and action name. You can also replace the `who-to-greet` input with your name. Public actions can be used with or without publishing to marketplace. Publishing a public action requires you to add a release version tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following workflow code uses the completed _hello world_ action in the public [`actions/hello-world-docker-action`](https://github.com/actions/hello-world-docker-action) repository. Copy the following workflow example code into a `.github/workflows/main.yml` file, but replace the `actions/hello-world-docker-action` with your repository and action name. You can also replace the `who-to-greet` input with your name. Public actions can be used even if they're not published to {% data variables.product.prodname_marketplace %}. For more information, see "[Publishing an action](/actions/creating-actions/publishing-actions-in-github-marketplace#publishing-an-action)."
```

    steps:
    - name: Hello world action step
      id: hello

>       # For unpublished actions put <username>/<action-repository-name>@<branch-name>
>       # For published actions put <username>/<action-repository-name>@<version>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Ah, sorry; I missed this in my first review!

This is a bit misleading; after the `@` can be _any_ git reference (e.g. branch names, tags, SHAs, etc.). It doesn't matter whether they are  published or not to be able to use a git reference like a tag.

#### Example using a private action

> Copy the following example workflow code into a `.github/workflows/main.yml` file in your action's repository. You can also replace the `who-to-greet` input with your name. You cannot publish a private action to marketplace and can be used only by you in the same repository.

Reviewer 2: Small suggestion here:
```suggestion
Copy the following example workflow code into a `.github/workflows/main.yml` file in your action's repository. You can also replace the `who-to-greet` input with your name. This private action can't be published to {% data variables.product.prodname_marketplace %}, and can only be used in this repository.
```

> Copy the following example workflow code into a `.github/workflows/main.yml` file in your action's repository. You can also replace the `who-to-greet` input with your name. This private action can't be published to {% data variables.product.prodname_marketplace %}, and can only be used in this repository.

Reviewer: Like the public action comment, we should try to version publishing to GitHub Marketplace as only for `free-pro-team@latest` (it's not applicable to Enterprise Server).
